All right. So S3 Jenkins setup.
What we need to do is,
we need to configure our Jenkins environment so that it has
the correct package to be able to copy something into S3.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to start with clicking on, "Manage Jenkins."
Next we're going to go into our "Plug-in manager."
Now, let's go ahead and click on "Available."
You're going filter with
AWS and we're going
to select, "Pipeline AWS steps."
This is going to give us a whole lot of stuff.
Great. So let's go ahead and just restart
Jenkins and we're going to actually do this step from the command line.
It frequently crashes inside of the GUI there.
So let's go ahead and log in again.
Good. So now we've got our plugin
installed and we can go ahead and move on the next step.